hi this is Paul Acevedo of windows
central we've already shown you an
unboxing and assembly video of the play
seat Forza which is a racing seat they
use in combination with a steering wheel
and your game system and now I'm going
to review the play seat Forza while
playing for so horizon 2 for Xbox one
I've already attached my Thrustmaster TX
racing wheel the best racing wheel
currently available on Xbox one and
we're ready to go all right now I'm
comfortably seated in the play seat
Forza you might be wondering why you
would want a racing seat there are
several good reasons for one any
high-quality racing wheel is not
designed to be used in lab instead you
are supposed to mount it to something
the thrust master TX wheel here comes
with sort of a clamp to attach it to
tables desks and things like that but if
you're serious about enjoying your
racing wheel and you wanted to look good
at minimum you have to get a racing
wheel stand but the best you can do is a
play seat play seat is a company that
specializes in making these racing seats
they have several different models to
choose from if you're a Forza enthusiast
like I am then you would want the pores
of seating most likely they get a lot of
different ones and they're all game
Brandon the seat itself has a very
sturdy metal framework you have to
assemble it yourself of course then it
comes with bolts to attach your racing
wheel and your pedals securely to the
play seat and that way they're not going
anywhere it's as if this whole thing was
built together basically really nice and
bye-bye getting a place for your racing
wheel you're basically bringing the
arcade racing experience home I mean
it's impossible for it to get any more
arcade authentic without like putting it
in side cabinet around here
it feels really great I can adjust the
height of the wheel using this knob down
here I can also adjust the distance of
the pedals from the seat so that way you
can adjust it for different lengths of
legs and those adjustments are easy to
do because the knobs are meant to be
turned at will you can adjust the angle
of the pedals that's not as easy to do
because you need an Allen wrench for it
which it comes with if you're going to
spend a lot of money on product like
this you want to be comfortable I'm
pleased to report that the placing Forza
is extremely comfortable it's got this
nice faux leather vinyl coating looks
great and is soft and slick to the touch
like an office chair basically one thing
about a product like play seat is that
it requires a certain amount of floor
space to be usable which only makes
sense but it's actually not all that
large footprint wise I mean this is an
acceptable distance to be from the
television screen and your living room
should be able to accommodate something
like that maybe you have a coffee table
you would have to move down the way not
a lot different from playing Kinect
games another issue with a luxury
product like the play seat Forza is that
of price and value as you might expect
this is not achieved accessory now the
TX racing wheel itself was already $300
although you can get racing wheels for
like $100 or less if you get a lower
quality one-play see Forza is going to
cost you over $400 just from the product
then you're going to have to pay like 50
60 dollars shipping to ship it by UPS if
you're living in the
as place eat also has locations outside
of the US and they will ship worldwide
so quite obviously this is not a product
that everybody can afford to buy it
really comes down to how much you like
racing games I mean if you love racing
games like if you get really into Forza
horizon 2 like I have and other games
like that maybe four to five or the
future Forza Games
that a racing wheel is going to greatly
enhance your enjoyment of those games
although they do add a little bit of
challenge in my opinion compared to
controlling with a steering wheel they
bring the arcade experience home and if
you really want to bring that arcade
experience home then you gotta have like
I said either amount or a racing seat so
if you can afford it if racing games are
your thing then products like the play
seat Forza is exactly what you're going
to want just can't get a better racing
experience at home than with a play seat
and they give a play seats at different
price ranges so you don't necessarily
have to go with a play seat for today
even though it is really awesome and a
great way to show your appreciation of
the force of games what was up with that
drive Atari oh then another one Rams me
from behind they even make a play seat
for kids which is pretty cool as we'll
be able to tell from our installation
video the actual Assembly of the play
see is a little bit complex it took me
about an hour in total probably would
take like half as long as if I wasn't
shooting a video and once you've got it
together you're probably not going to
want to fully disassembled it but
definitely you can take the pedal
section out and have the seat section
separate which is a good thing you know
the play seat Forza is a luxury product
but it was a really cool product and I'm
glad that a company like Lacey has
bothered to make racing seats for use at
home once you're done with the place eat
Forza and you're ready to put it away
you can lift up this back flap here hold
these side flaps out then you've got
these two metal pieces that hold the
seat in position float to the side pull
up hard then it snaps into a closed
position they stick in there real
tightly it's easier if you have
something like a hammer or a metal bar
that you can use to lift them up and
then once you've got it unsnapped snap
it back in to the side and the new
closed position now I can close these
flaps then the play seat folds down you
also have to take the steering wheel off
now I can fold it securely closed there
we go it can packs pretty reasonably if
you've got a closet with some floor
space or just a corner you can just push
it out of the way and not have to worry
about it again until it's time to raise
all right guys this has been our video
review of the place Heat Forza don't
forget to watch our unboxing and
assembly video we've also got unboxing
and video reviews of the Thrustmaster TX
racing wheel and a video review of Forza
horizon 2 don't forget to check them out
and don't miss our written review of the
play seat Forza and the other products I
described at windows central com
you